generation
this law is of course linked to the
the stake is well raises its young forms alone with smiam what plays
at the post of second back
beyeler and who scored
- who went on who put all his weight in this fourth quarter time
for the one on his side of the American
besides I talked to you about the titles and meatballs and meat to comment
this game on US television three weeks ago that of the
legend
this team of dumplings certainly
and the newspaper counterattacked harbinger gold at the liquor semavip
johnson who is in turmoil after he saw a plane pass him over
rainer brüdele chicago must not regret having already signed him a
this huge contract the biggest contract in history for a lessor or quick
$ 4 million
saleswoman in the wake of the airs
with the return of chicago stadium north
however I told you of reindeer who signed a huge 4 million contract
$
it is the biggest contract of the Swiss team before that of tf1 corzine who
touches the only ten thousand dollars less
p this is not the only income that michael jordan has touched
this season since he also signed this eternal huge contract with
e
an equipment supplier
8%
certainly the streets of bissau on the assault which is a first case
yet valérie michaud of those of the drunk soul if left alone
he does that with all night and until tomorrow
and blindfolded and shoes to monza
pontoise this jerk
for now everything is like this
bolloré and 10%
those efforts hello the supports of their food
which is the pentacle certainly with a disconcerting ease
you read the progress each season for lorenzo food this will
just in his rookie season
and then 16 points the following year with 58% in shoots and then the
last season 19 points so with them we'll just say 52% but that's
still exceptional good convoyer thinks you understand why he is at
52% because he attacks
the circle constantly that takes little outside shoot while there
fault caused by two shoes abou zeid
who also as soon as he has the opportunity and states must arrive
despite its relative small size
there is still a little more than two minutes to play in this meeting
crespo 1% and well drunk in annezin
that's it for the points
back to the post
I am a happy man who comes from New York City precisely
him who took and the basketball player
the pétanque-club of the feats of arms of new york
andré continue for once this their warehouse arte
after the rebound for tons mac miller mr
yet at three points it's missed
there are three points and that shots
thomas than the newspaper
since% and well the three-point line
we were adopted on 3 nov
when a beer
he did not know her
vittorio a ssii or themselves at the olympics
and tending to play percent
in preparation with the American team a lot of exhibition face
to pros teams at selections with pro team
marc lièvremont dominated everyone the 6 ea did say at the end the game there
also that we were doing there
a very nice case by bringing mayuka from jordana
chauzy behind two pivots because your allies
it's still the top priority and it's a kim olajuwon to be the
pivot%
of the fac of the iut stone which was chosen precisely by the iut stoner the
queries alone
patrick 8%
and well in second place it's a good week
chosen by the Trailblazers zalla contract late and he is well aware
to do it and that
with two English clubs
who had started his career also accused the thugs
super defenseman in the second best defensive five in 80
still among the best at the collector of the League 2 of May
krivine alone
with johnson inside
who will score with her the fault as a bonus two of her sonatrach products
missed
he went to free throws
steeve jones ringer
no look
in an acrobatic attitude again
whose act
all young ringers
but not enough percent
I do not think that golden set I told you
he did some revenge
five years on his side thales since he had made a year the
blue a white year in 77 78 eur
with a broken foot so he was admitted what will be called t-shirt
experts he saw but a year and additional eligibility
since he had not played a season at all
as the c3 this match is waiting for us
who is the find he has to voice mature is a former washington
gates
he spent half a season not much time that's where he had
started his career before being transferred to pimps
and then transfer it over last season we knew the six year old
before arriving after two hours
it's still a lot of equipped in a short time for the
executioner oueslati ozap com
who to be a player who loses balloon badly he was the
ninth player who seems the most balloons 19 180
the story
but it's still a good smuggler he turned over 12 points per game
in his rookie season but never at afp
it's confirmed this level of play
and hello% the three-point watering and it starts to come back for them
pellets intentions
the bosky their difficulties the deal at washington address 9
jacques martin could still take a lost balloon with proteins
soldiers
the two ladies who is opposite
still ball for the dumplings with the professionals
nice work to other allies he will score against these declensions
eight points for robinson in the racket festival still with sidney
Gavignet
who can go quietly mark
mark macmillan eisner laval home of mac mylene lights up at three points
relegated 5 to 3 times the racing and it returns to olive one only
in his third season with the right uses
chicago that are needed 125 93